---
title: "1st Teachings — SG Class"
---

### 3rd Course: Holy Spirit


There are two files in this course; Needs and Abilities. “Needs” is about what you need, and Abilities are unique powers that an individual walks in.


#### 1st Topic: Needs


2.3.1.1 (October 10, 2025) Needs is a file that Leon depended on mostly during the time; February, 2025 & June 2025. During this time (February, 2025 – June 2025), Leon Believed that its God who gives things, and whatever a person gets, it’s God who gives those things. On this day (October 10, 2025), Leon had not yet considered the “Needs” file as a big file compared to the “Daily Schedule”, Leon in him believed that God knows whatever you need before you even ask him, on that, Leon added nothing else to ask God. Now Scientists, a new job, I give you, study the “Needs” file carefully, bring forth new equations from the files I have left you. Needs (ND)= AND/TND, AND means Achieved Needs, and TND means Total Needs. Achieved Needs (AND) are the Needs that a person has received, or the Needs that have been successful. Total Needs (TND) is the number of all the needs requests that a person made. For Example; on 10/14/2025, the Needs (ND) pf Leon were like this; AND = 0, TND = 5, therefore; Needs (ND) = 0/5 =0 ND. At this time; Leon had just started calculating the Needs file, and the Needs Formula; ND = AND/TND, was created on 10/11/2025. That is what the Needs file is about, you write there every request you need from God.


#### 2nd Topic: Abilities


2.3.2.1 (October 14, 2025) Abilities is one of the best files, but don’t consider this say, all files are important and you need all of them, if  teacher a rises to eliminate any of the files, then watch closely at that person they mighty not be really good people, but some people many people will make amendments to the thirteen files, then if those amendments do no harm, accept them, but original copies of the Files should be kept, so that whosoever will want to make amendments to the SGSS Teachings, should be directed by the original copies of Leon.


2.3.2.2 In abilities, we are going to look at many things, BVM is also in Abilities, BVM is a section (sheet) in abilities, Let us look at the BVM first; BVM simply means Bible Verses Memorization; it is about memorizing Bible Verses; regardless of what you are doing, or what time is it, as long as you live; you should memorize Bible Verses always; If also you can do it while sleeping; do so. Bible Verse Memorization (BVM) is memorizing about Bible Verses. When a person memorizes Bible Verses; it is hard for those people to do evil, those people are always filled with the Holy Spirit of the LORD, so they always do what is right and good. People who always memorize about Bible Verses are always filled with the Holy spirit and they are always successful in everything that they do; as the Scriptures say “Always remember what is written in that book of law. Speak about that book and study it day and night. Then you can be sure to obey what is written there. If you do this, you will be wise and successful in everything you do.” Also, the Scriptures say; “Great blessings belong to those who don’t listen to evil advice, who don’t live like sinners, and who don’t join those who make fun of God. Instead, they love the Lord’s teachings and think about them day and night.  So they grow strong, like a tree planted by a stream— a tree that produces fruit when it should and has leaves that never fall. Everything they do is successful.”


2.3.2.3 Bible Verses Memorization BVM=((NS-BC)*MR), where NS are the New Slides; BC; is the Bible Constant; that is 66, and MR is the Memorization Rounds. NS means the new verses; that are added to the person’s mind; for example; on December 15, 2025; Leon had NS of 131, Memorization Rounds of 2.8, so this caused the rounds to be 182.0, and it made the BVM to be 0.843 BVM. The equation of formula is BVM=((NS-BC)*MR), NS are the New Verses, BC is the Bible constant; and for this date (December 15, 2025) the Bile Constant is 66, NS is the total number of verses that you have in your head; therefore; since NS has to be subtracted from BC; and we know that BC is 66; If you know 131 Verses; then you will have to subtract 131-66; this giving us; 65, from the equation; we see that the value we have got which is 65; has to be multiplied with the MR; MR is Memorization Rounds; the Memorization Rounds are the times you memorized through the all Bible verses that you know; for this case; the Verses or New Verses were 131, so it means; if you memorize all the 131 Verses; that makes one round, then if you memorize again the 131 Verse; that makes you to have 2 Memorization Rounds, and if you do it for the 3rd time; that makes you have 3 Memorization Rounds, in this example; we can see that Leon had 2.8 Memorization Rounds, this means that Leon was almost about to finish the 3rd Memorization Round, therefore; we get what is called “Rounds”; to get Rounds; we multiply; the value we got as 65 with the Memorization Rounds; note that Memorization Rounds and Rounds are different; Rounds is got by multiplying Memorization Rounds with the value got after subtracting Verses with the Bible Constant; which for our case is 65, so therefore when we multiply 65*2.8; we get the answer as  182; this answer is not the Bible Verses Memorization; for us to get the Bible Verses Memorization; we divide Rounds from a constant; this constant is 216; so; when we divide 182/216; we get the answer as 0.843; therefore; this is the Bible Verses Memorization; this is the value we need; It should not be below zero; or above one; it should be in between zero and one; and it should have its units BVM.
